ENH: Generate unique segment IDs using random identifier (#7836)
Slicer/Slicer: Libs/vtkSegmentationCore/CMakeLists.txt

cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.16.3...3.19.7 FATAL_ERROR)
#-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

> option(${PROJECT_NAME}_USE_UUID "Use UUIDs for generating segment IDs. Requires linking against gdcm" ON)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option(${PROJECT_NAME}_USE_UUID "Use UUIDs for generating segment IDs. Requires gdcm library." ON)
```

  ${VTK_LIBRARIES}
  )

> if (NOT DEFINED ${PROJECT_NAME}_USE_UUID)

Reviewer: Add an `OPTION`

  set(${PROJECT_NAME}_USE_UUID ON)
endif()

if (${PROJECT_NAME}_USE_UUID)
  list(APPEND vtkSegmentationCore_LIBS

>     gdcmMSFF

Reviewer: Add comment why gdcm is needed

    )
endif()

include_directories( ${vtkSegmentationCore_INCLUDE_DIRS} )
add_library(${PROJECT_NAME} ${vtkSegmentationCore_SRCS})
target_link_libraries( ${PROJECT_NAME} ${vtkSegmentationCore_LIBS} )

if (${PROJECT_NAME}_USE_UUID)

>   target_compile_definitions(${PROJECT_NAME} PRIVATE SEGMENTATION_UUID_SEGMENT_IDS)

Reviewer: use `#cmakedefine` to make it more explicit
